Right about the time I started studying the Bible, an opportunity came up for me to start
doing secretarial work at a church.
I was the one who cared for all of the money that the church would receive.
But at that moment, I didn't see any problem with staying where I worked.
I studied the Bible and learned that the festivals I used to participate in or displeasing to Jehovah.
It did not seem possible that I would be the only one not participating in those festivals.
These opportunities brought families closer together and they were fun too.
One night at a meeting, I was talking with an elder and he told me that I wouldn't even
be able to give student parts at the Kingdom Hall since I was still working as a secretary
at the church.
That made me very sad because I found myself just receiving guidance from Jehovah and learning
his truth.
But I was not giving back anything to him despite what he was doing for me.
However, I have to admit that I still hadn't completely made up my mind.
Since my husband had back surgery and wasn't able to work at the time, we had a little
daughter to care for.
So I kept thinking, what should I do?
Right now, this is the only money we have coming in.
I prayed a lot to Jehovah for help with this issue.
I thought about Jehovah's feelings.
I didn't want to do anything that hurt Jehovah.
When I stopped participating in religious festivals, my family stopped speaking to me.
When it was time for the festivals, it made me think that they were together and I was
by myself.
So at times, I cried.
I meditated on God's promise at Sam 2710.
Jehovah promised me that if my parents abandoned me, he would receive me as his child.
It helped me to stand firm.
Personally, I tried to attend the meetings and participate in the ministry too.
All of these activities made me feel that the congregation is like a family.
And that Jehovah is the father of all of us.
But I never forgot my parents.
So I tried to help them in whatever ways I could.
I took about three or four days of occasion to go help them harvest rice.
I had great help from my instructor.
Just as Jehovah doesn't force us, she didn't force me.
As she told experiences and showed me in the Bible what really pleases Jehovah, it made
me realize that I had to make a decision.
As my Bible study got deeper, I began to realize that I really was already loving Jehovah
and wanted to please him.
Before Jehovah, my conscious was already affecting me.
I had to make a decision on his side.
That's exactly what I did.
Two weeks later, I got a job and it was close to my home.
I was able to gain a clean conscience before Jehovah.
I have seen this in my life.
Everyone who trusts in Jehovah is not helpless.
When I told my parents that although I changed my religion, I still loved them.
They started to open up and talk to me gradually.
So I invited them to attend a meeting.
When my father attended the meeting, he said, Oh, you made a good decision, my son.
And I was very happy.
I still hope that my family will one day study the Bible and worship Jehovah along with
me.